The code is a program that simulates a bank. 
The program has a menu where you can choose to login or quit the program.

If you choose to login, you will be asked for your client number and password. 

If the client number and password are correct,
you will be logged in and get access to the costumer dashboard menu. 
In this menu you can deposit money, withdraw money, save all data in files, 
load data from files and quit the program.

If you choose to deposit money, you will be asked for an account number 
and an amount of money that you want to deposit. 
If the account number is correct, the amount of money will be deposited in 
that account.

If you choose to withdraw money, you will be asked for an account number and 
an amount of money that you want to withdraw. If the account number is correct, 
the amount of money will be withdrawn from that account if there is enough 
balance in it.

If there is not enough balance in the account, a message will appear saying 
that there is not enough balance in it and then you will return to the costumer
dashboard menu. If there is enough balance in it, a message saying that
the transaction was successful will appear and then you will return to the 
costumer dashboard menu.

 If there are more than 3 withdrawals from this account
this month, a fee of 1 dollar  they 
use at this bank  will also be withdrawn from this account 
when withdrawing money from it.

If you choose to save all data in files, all data about accounts 
and transactions at this bank  will be saved 
in files on your computer . 
The data about accounts are saved in two different files: one file with
 data about saving accounts and one file with data about checking accounts.
  The data about transactions are saved in one file with all transactions 
  at this bank . A message saying that 
  all data were successfully saved appears after saving all data in files 
  on your computer . 
  Then you return to the costumer dashboard menu where you can do other
   things like depositing or withdrawing money or quitting the program or 
   whatever else people do at banks .

If you choose to load data from files, all data from file will be loaded.
